TA-DA!
ARE WE GORGEOUS OR WHAT?
OR WHAT.
OH, LAURA,
THAT EYE SHADOW
IS PERFECT ON YOU.
YOU CAN BORROW IT
ANYTIME.
NO, SHE CAN'T.
NOT FOR OUTSIDE
OF THE HOUSE.
HARRIETTE,
DON'T BE SUCH A PRUDE.
AUNT HARRIETTE'S
A PRUNE?
PRUDE.
ALTHOUGH PRUNE
SORT OF FITS.
HA HA HA!
SOMEBODY CALL 911.
THERE IS ABOUT
TO BE A MURDER.
* IT'S A RARE CONDITION *
* IN THIS DAY AND AGE *
* TO READ ANY GOOD NEWS
ON THE NEWSPAPER PAGE *
* LOVE AND TRADITION
OF THE GRAND DESIGN *
* SOME PEOPLE SAY
IS EVEN HARDER TO FIND *
* WELL, THEN, THERE MUST BE
SOME MAGIC CLUE *
* INSIDE THESE GENTLE WALLS *
* 'CAUSE ALL I SEE
IS A TOWER OF DREAMS *
* REAL LOVE BURSTIN'
OUT OF EVERY SEAM *
* AS DAYS GO BY *
* WE'RE GONNA FILL
OUR HOUSE WITH HAPPINESS *
* THE MOON MAY CRY *
* WE'RE GONNA SMOTHER THE BLUES
WITH TENDERNESS *
* WHEN DAYS GO BY *
* THERE'S ROOM FOR YOU
ROOM FOR ME *
* FOR GENTLE HEARTS
AN OPPORTUNITY *
* AS DAYS GO BY *
* IT'S THE BIGGER LOVE
OF THE FAMILY **
GRR!
OOH!
WHAT IS THAT AWFUL SMELL?
WHAT HAPPENED?
I WAS IN THE YARD
MINDING MY OWN BURGERS.
SUDDENLY
THE WIND SHIFTS,
AND I GET THIS--
THIS STENCH
FROM DR. URKEL'S
COMPOST HEAP.
SO I WENT TO COMPLAIN.
YOU MADE A SCENE?
OF COURSE NOT.
I POLITELY SUGGESTED
TO DR. URKEL
THAT THE STENCH
FROM HIS COMPOST HEAP
WAS UNBEARABLE.
HE SUGGESTED
THAT THE STENCH STARTED
WHEN I WALKED
IN HIS BACK YARD.
SO I TOLD HIM...
"OH, YEAH?
WELL, THAT'S BIG TALK
COMING FROM A LITTLE QUACK!"
NEXT THING I KNOW,
HE SLAM-DUNKED ME
INTO THE COMPOST HEAP.
HE THREW YOU?
BUT, CARL, DR. URKEL
IS A TEENY, TINY MAN.
HE SURPRISED ME.
BUT STILL,
THE MAN'S A MUNCHKIN.
LEVERAGE, MOTHER.
A WHOLE LOT
OF LEVERAGE.
HE CAME AT ME
WITH A GARDEN HOSE.
I HAD TO DEFEND MYSELF,
HARRIETTE.
OH, CARL, YOU HIT HIM?
NO. I PUT OUT MY ARM
TO FEND HIM OFF.
HE RAN INTO MY FIST.
THEN HE STARTED CRYING
AND RAN INTO THE HOUSE.
YOU!
YOU BIG BULLY!
OH, GREAT.
SON OF URKEL.
CARL, I LOVE YOU
LIKE A FATHER,
AND MY FATHER
LIKE A...NEIGHBOR,
BUT YOU HAVE DENTED
MY DAD.
THEREFORE,
I HAVE NO CHOICE
BUT TO DEFEND
OUR FAMILY HONOR.
IT'S THE CODE
OF THE URKELS.
GO HOME, STEVE.
I'LL LEAVE...
BUT REST ASSURED,
I SHALL RETURN!
REVENGE SHALL BE MINE!
AND BY THE WAY,
THIS IS WHAT MY DAD'S NOSE
LOOKS LIKE.
I CAN'T EVEN ENJOY A BURGER
IN MY BACK YARD.
I'D LIKE TO THROW
SOME URKELS ON THE BARBIE.
CALL OR FOLD.
I AIN'T GOT ALL DAY.
THREE KINGS.
HOLD IT.
FULL HOUSE.
NOT SO FAST. FOUR ACES.
SEE YA NEXT PAYDAY, BOYS.
LISTEN UP,
YOU BIG GALOOTS.
PRESENTING A GAL WHO IS
EVERY COWBOY'S CUTIE,
MISS RACHEL.
YAY!
* SOME SAY
I HAVE NO MORALS *
* AND LACK PROPRIETY *
* SOME SAY
THAT I'M TOO FICKLE *
* BUT I NEED VARIETY *
* BACK EAST,
I WAS A LADY *
* BORED LIKE
ALL THE REST *
AHH...
* NOW THAT I HAVE FALLEN *
* I'M HAVING FUN *
* OUT HERE
IN THE WILD, WILD WEST *
* OH, THEY CALL ME
RICOCHET RACHEL *
* I BOUNCE
FROM MAN TO MAN *
* THEY CALL ME
RICOCHET RACHEL *
* CATCH ME IF YOU CAN *
* AND WHEN I FIND
ONE THAT'S TRUE *
* I'M STICKING TO HIM
JUST LIKE GLUE *
* TILL THEN,
WON'T YOU BE *
* MY OL' COWHAND *
* WELL, I'M PROUD TO BE
RICOCHET RACHEL *
* THOUGH SOME PEOPLE
THINK IT'S A CRIME *
* I WANT ALL YOU BOYS
TO BELLY UP TO THE BAR *
THEN...
* COME UP *
* AND SEE ME *
* SOME TIME *
* WHOA *
* OH, YEAH **
CARE FOR A DRINK,
SCHOOLMARM?
DON'T SPEAK TO ME,
YOU SHAMELESS HUSSY!
NORMALLY, I WOULDN'T
SET FOOT IN THIS SALOON OF SIN
BUT I'M LOOKING
FOR SHERIFF CARL.
YOUR HUSBAND'S
NOT HERE,
BUT IF YOU
GUSSIED UP SOME,
PUT ON SOME ROUGE,
HE MIGHT COME
LOOKING FOR YOU
FOR A CHANGE.
HOW DARE YOU,
YOU FLOOZY!
HI, MOM.
LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE!
YOU'VE TURNED
MY DAUGHTERS INTO...
PAINTED WOMEN!
[GUNSHOTS]
WELL, HOWDY,
TOWNSFOLK!
HOWDY, SHERIFF!
THERE'S GOOD NEWS
AND BAD NEWS.
THE BAD NEWS IS
I JUST SHOT A MAN.
THE GOOD NEWS IS
IT WAS DOC URKEL.
CARL.
CARL, WHY MUST YOU
CONSTANTLY SHOOT PEOPLE?
'CAUSE I'M THE SHERIFF
AND KILLING PEOPLE
IS ONE OF THE PERKS.
DOC URKEL
WAS OUT OF CONTROL.
HE'D PERFORM
BRAIN SURGERY
AT THE DROP
OF A STETSON.
THAT'S FOR SURE.
I WENT TO HIM
FOR A HANGNAIL,
AND INSTEAD,
HE GAVE ME A...
UH, WHAT DO YOU
CALL THEM?
A LOBOTOMY.
RIGHT.
NOW I GOT A HEADACHE
AND A HANGNAIL.
YOU SEE? I HAD
TO SHOOT DOC URKEL
FOR THE GOOD
OF THE TOWN.
WHAT IF YOU-KNOW-WHO
FINDS OUT
YOU KILLED HIS PA?
[SCARY MUSIC PLAYS]
WELL, HE'LL COME
GUNNING FOR ME, I GUESS.
YOU MEAN YOU'LL HAVE
TO LOCK HORNS WITH...
[SCARY MUSIC PLAYS]
YUP.
TWO-GUN URKEL.
[SCARY MUSIC PLAYS]
THE ROUGHEST,
TOUGHEST,
MOST ANNOYING GUNSLINGER
IN THE WEST.
TWO-GUN URKEL'S
A-COMIN'!
UH-OH.
ALRIGHT, WHO'S THE VOMIT
THAT KILLED MY PA?
YOU BUNCH OF WINNIES.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
REVENGE!
DID I DO THAT?
YES.
IT'S GOING TO BE
LIGHTS OUT
FOR YOU, TOO, SHERIFF.
SAY YOUR PRAYERS.
YOU'RE ABOUT
TO MEET YOUR MAKER.
OOH.
MAKE YOUR MOVE,
SHERIFF.
NOW LOOKY HERE, TWO--
I'M RIGHT SORRY
FOR WHAT HAPPENED,
TWO-GUN,
BUT YOUR PA
WAS A PUBLIC MENACE.
MAYBE, BUT HE WAS MY PA.
YOU HAD NO CALL
TO DO WHAT YOU DONE.
I DONE WHAT I DID
'CAUSE IT HAD TO BE DONE.
WELL, YOU DONE DID IT,
AND NOW YOU GOT TO DIE.
ARE YOU DONE?
YES, INDEED, I DO.
DANG.
SHERIFF,
YOU'RE IN A BIG,
SMELLY HEAP OF TROUBLE.
OOH!
PLEASE, TWO-GUN.
IF YOU EVER HAD
ANY FEELINGS FOR ME,
DON'T HURT MY PA.
OH, MISS LAURA,
MY TUMBLING
TUMBLEWEED,
I LOVE YOU,
BUT I'VE GOT TO
AVENGE MY PA.
IT'S THE CODE
OF THE WEST.
YOU SEE, RIGHT HERE
IN SECTION 2,
PARAGRAPH 3.
"PA AVENGING."
NOW LOOKY, TWO-GUN,
I THINK YOU BETTER
GET ON YOUR SHETLAND
AND RIDE OUT OF TOWN.
HA!
WHY WOULD
THE FIERCEST DESPERADO
IN THE TERRITORY
RUN AWAY FROM A PORTLY,
PUSILLANIMOUS PEACE OFFICER?
OOH!
DON'T PUSH ME, KID.
YOU MAY BE FAST
WITH THOSE GUNS,
BUT I'M FASTER.
DON'T MAKE ME LAUGH.
HA HA HA!
[SNORT]
WHAT A STUPID SNORT.
OH, YEAH?
YOU SNORT.
YES, SIR,
MR. TWO-GUN, SIR.
HA HA HA!
[SNORT]
[COUGH]
NEEDS WORK.
YOU KNOW, TWO-GUN,
THE LAST HOMBRE
THAT THOUGHT HE WAS
FASTER THAN ME
IS NOW A BOARDING
HOUSE FOR WORMS.
OOH!
OH, YEAH?
WELL, BARTENDER,
MAKE LIKE A MALLARD AND DUCK!
[BANG BANG BANG]
WHEW!
NOT BAD.
NOT BAD AT ALL.
NOW WATCH
SOME REAL SHOOTIN'.
MAMA, DUCK!
[BANG BANG BANG]
WHEW!
WELL, ROOTIN' TOOTIN'
SHOOTIN', SHERIFF.
BUT I'M A-CALLING
YOU OUT.
WELL, I'M A-GONNA
BE HERE TOMORROW,
HIGH NOON.
[SCARY MUSIC PLAYS]
BUT IN THE MEANTIME,
LET'S FORM A POSSE
AND TRACK DOWN
THAT DANG ORCHESTRA.
YEAH!
BUT, CARL, WHY MUST YOU
SHOW UP FOR THE SHOWDOWN?
BECAUSE IT'S MY JOB,
HARRIETTE.
I'M SWORN TO UPHOLD
THE LAWS OF THE WEST.
WHY CAN'T THE WEST
HAVE SIMPLER LAWS,
LIKE NO SMOKING
IN ELEVATORS?
WHAT'S AN ELEVATOR?
IT'S A REAL FAST WAY
TO GET UPSTAIRS.
OH. FOR ME,
IT'S CASH.
WOO!
[BELL RINGS]
[RING]
HA!
I GUESS THAT
LILY-LIVERED URKEL
DIDN'T SHOW UP.
I GUESS THE ONLY THING
HE CAN SHOOT OFF IS HIS MOUTH.
SORRY I'M LATE.
THERE WAS A LONG LINE
IN THE LITTLE COWPOKES ROOM.
ARE YOU READY?
I'M A-READY.
ALRIGHT, TWO-GUN,
LET'S SLAP LEATHER.
OKAY.
WHOA, BOY.
OH.
OHH.
OHHH.
AAH!
I'VE FALLEN,
AND I CAN'T GET UP.
HOLD ON THERE, TWO-GUN.
I'LL GO GET DOC URKEL.
OH, YEAH--
I KILLED HIM YESTERDAY.
IT'S BEEN A BAD WEEK
FOR THE URKELS.
OH, IT'S ALL GETTING DARKER.
THERE'S MY PA!
I'M COMING, PA.
WAIT. HE'S RUNNIN' AWAY.
SO LONG, EVERYBODY.
IT'S TIME FOR ME TO...
DIE.
AW.
LAURA?
WHAT IS IT, TWO-GUN?
OH, LAURA, WILL YOU GRANT
A DYING MAN'S LAST REQUEST?
GIVE ME A KISS
TO SEND ME TO HEAVEN.
OH, THANKS, MY PET.
THE ANGELS
I'M ABOUT TO SEE
WON'T COMPARE TO THE ANGEL
THAT I'M LEAVING BEHIND.
AW.
SHERIFF?
NOW LOOKY HERE,
TWO-GUN.
THIS HERE IS
YOUR LAST GOODBYE.
OKAY.
I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT I DON'T
HOLD A GRUDGE,
EVEN THOUGH I'M
A DASTARDLY DESPERADO
AND YOU'RE
A GOODY TWO-BOOTS,
I ADMIRE AND RESPECT YOU.
IN FACT, BIG GUY,
I LOVE YOU.
AW.
AW, TWO-GUN.
I'M SORRY,
LITTLE FELLA.
HOW DID IT
COME TO THIS?
I LOVE ALL YOU
GOL-DARNED WINSLOWS.
VAYA CON DIOS.
ADIOS, AMIGOS.
HUEVOS RANCHEROS.
YEE-EE-EE.
[SNORT SNORT]
AW.
WELL, I--
I'M SORRY.
WAY TO GO, CARL.
BUT--
BUT I'M SORRY.
HE--
BUT, HARRIETTE--
BUT I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
I--
HEY, I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
HUH?
TWO-GUN! YOU'RE ALIVE!
YOU'RE ALIVE!
HA HA HA!
AAH!
YOU'RE ALIVE!
CARL, THIS IS NO TIME
TO DO THE LAMBADA.
AS MY FATHER'S ONLY SON,
IT IS MY DUTY
TO AVENGE HIM.
SO PREPARE
TO BE PUMMELED.
UH, STEVE.
STEVE.
STEVE, CALM DOWN.
CALM DOWN, STEVE!
WE ARE NOT GOING
TO FIGHT, OKAY?
FIGHTING GOT US
INTO THIS MESS.
I'M GOING OVER
TO YOUR HOUSE
TO APOLOGIZE
TO YOUR FATHER.
YOU ARE?
MM-HMM.
WOW.
I MUST BE
MORE THREATENING
THAN I THOUGHT.
WELL, YOU ARE
A SCARY SIGHT,
BUT I SHOULDN'T HAVE
KICKED YOU OUT,
AND I'M SORRY
I YELLED AT YOU.
SO I'M WELCOME
AT THE WINSLOWS'?
I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT WELCOME,
BUT YOU'LL BE, UH,
WELL, YOU'LL, UH,
YOU'LL BE TOLERATED.
THANKS, BIG GUY.
[SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYS]
WHERE IS THAT
MUSIC COMING FROM?